all round for Sabbath Aram I'm a chef
and today I'm very happy because emma
freud is gonna be cooking for me this is
my version of Jose's signature dish it's
not your best choice
this is amazing it's your vessel come on
yeah okay I've tried very very hard but
already I'm just about the cauliflower
it's not we don't burn the core
caramelize caramelize that's the Playboy
nobody nice yeah okay so we're now
welding the butter you just tell you
what we do we can add the garlic and
then this is the signature of the
signature dish we're going to add the
leash in the cauliflower are they
[Music]
and I'm waiting for the cream in here so
I've never followed a recipe as
carefully as when I was making this a
chocolate little pieces of our and is
our look alive
yeah it is and I timed everything you
said ten minutes into ten minutes
I set my alarm so this is not how I
normally cook but I wanted to see if I
could really cook something rather than
going to I went to the Spanish Royal
he's gonna give some lovely shiny to the
dish the cauliflower that is phenomenal
after my sandwich this is having already
anyway I'm very well so I I really done
a whole cauliflower once before and it
was for my colony on BBC good food and
this is
really something I'm DEFCON I'm lazy
sorry ash yes there are lives there
better than the other boats you're quite
right
definitely not bird definitely is bad
but we're definitely reframing it no
it's not love you love that would you
like something we share it with our
friends no no